Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Jessica Freeman: Morning, how's it going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, how are you
Jessica Freeman: I like like the two nights before I left on the weekend trip like I was already exhausted like I'd had to get up.
Jessica Freeman: Like super early and you know so exhausted and then the trip was just, it was wonderful. But it was also like non stop and I mean I couldn't sleep on the planes and when I got back, it was like, I mean,
Jessica Freeman: The just I'm still exhausted. I i'm not i'm not catching up. Like, I'm just, I have a constant headache.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not good. You wearing yourself down.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but like yesterday I took the day, man. I did nothing. I laid on the couch. I didn't know housework it nothing. And you know, I need to feel I need to feel better. In fact, I think I might actually take some headache medicine.
Jessica Freeman: Give me a quick second sorry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all right.
Jessica Freeman: Everybody's freaking out over the coronavirus and like I went to the store last night and people are going nuts like toilet paper and bottled water and
Jessica Freeman: It's like if people would not do that, then there would be enough for everyone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I you know I still don't get the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The obsession over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: an excessive amount of toilet paper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Candy.
Jessica Freeman: I don't get it either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To me.
Jessica Freeman: And like the bottle water, stuff like that, for me that's important. I live in the desert, and I have to drink a lot of water and I don't
Jessica Freeman: Trust tap water. And I've gone through a couple Britta pictures and I'm just to the point where
Jessica Freeman: I recycle. Okay, so I'm going to drink water. I'm going to drink it all the time. I'm going to always have a bottle of water with me and I try to refill it when I can. But when I can't, then I recycle them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me about your trip.
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god. It was amazing. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, we got in Friday. And I went, and hung out with some, you know, our behavior tech Toby, who said he was going to move here, but he's not going to move here.
Jessica Freeman: You know, he's like a single man on attached he's gay. You know, not married. No kids and he's miserable at his job. So there's no reason
Jessica Freeman: There's no reason that he couldn't just like, you know, change his life, but I don't have any control of that. So, you know, I'm just
Jessica Freeman: It is what it is. And I'm just happy to have him in my life and be friends with them and that's that. So I'm just going to try to stay in touch with
Jessica Freeman: With the people I care about. I did. I took away some, like, really important things from this trip.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to get ahead of myself, but one of them was, if I want to keep in contact with these people that I care about. If I want to maintain these relationships which I do, then I need to be intentional about it.
Jessica Freeman: Like to make sure that I have structured it in with the priorities in my life, you know,
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And then Saturday we went down to the robotics tournament, and we spent pretty much all day there. My ex husband and his family were there and you know he has hated me since the day I left like he was crying on the floor, begging me not to leave. And then I left and then
Jessica Freeman: The wall came down and he has despised me ever since. And no matter what I try to do. I mean, it's been 15 years Rebecca 15 years of effort where I've
Jessica Freeman: Can we work together for our child can we be civil. Can we communicate about our son. Can we co parent. Nope, he doesn't want anything to do with that he hates me so much.
Jessica Freeman: Which it makes me sad because you know who suffers for it. Our son. That's who suffers for it. And there's only so much that I can do, I know that it's out of my control, but I have to say I have some feelings about that.
Jessica Freeman: I'm supposed to feel them and not stuff them and I would just like to say for the record that it sucks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And then his family like his parents were there. I never had anything bad with his parents like we're cool. We've always been cool but they back away from you know what I mean, like, they're like,
Jessica Freeman: Oh, from a distance. And then I go up to my son after the thing. And he standing with everybody and they just kind of like just meander off into a side group and just like Man, there's no fucking reason for this knowing
Jessica Freeman: That it is what it is. I was there for my son and I was very glad he was so excited that we were there and
Jessica Freeman: Then on Saturday night.
Jessica Freeman: I went and met with my friends, and we went to the some like a Greeks pizzeria.
Jessica Freeman: Not
Jessica Freeman: Not too far from the meeting and my friend, Elaine, she gave me a really sweet card and some sweet gifts that were really meaningful and she gave a wonderful speech when I got my token I kind of really cool very special token.
Jessica Freeman: Nice and, you know, pay me cry. It was great. And then Sunday I saw my friends Taylor and Jamie in the morning like just flat ass broke, but you don't even know how far they've come like when I met them there was like
Jessica Freeman: panhandling and prostitution and
Jessica Freeman: You know, hardcore drugs and stuff.
Jessica Freeman: And they have come so far. I think they've been sober, like, a year and a half now. They have an apartment. They have jobs Jamie's gotten two promotions. They have a car.
Jessica Freeman: You know, and maybe they don't have a lot of cash on hand, but oh my god, how far they have come
Jessica Freeman: And I just love them so much. I'm so freaking proud of them. I did. I got a couple i got i and i talked, and I got to be myself and just
Jessica Freeman: Pour out all this stuff just be me, you know, and that's another thing that I took away from the trip that I just really haven't brought authentic desk to the table here. I've been like a church mouse at work and
Jessica Freeman: You know, I'm not happy with the job and like proofreading transaction documents basically doing compliance work all the time, not happy with it.
Jessica Freeman: So, and then send so we went back down to the robotics tournament, and my son, bless his heart he suffered a major loss and like his team.
Jessica Freeman: Is out now and like they'll have another chance to re qualify in a couple of weeks. But, but, like,
Jessica Freeman: He was so heartbroken. He was so disappointed. And it was so hard, but I was also so glad that I could be there for him and
Jessica Freeman: I mean, there was no cheering him up, but I did make him giggle. A couple of times and I did you know I told him a story about when I was in high school and something you know really just similar happened to me and how hard it was. And I think it helped
Jessica Freeman: It was just really good to be there for him and be with him. And I've also like I've been trying to
Jessica Freeman: Text him. Like, if not every day, every other day since I got back because I just
Jessica Freeman: Have been bad about that I've let it go for weeks and like he's my son. He's my baby. I missed him and I want him to know how much
Jessica Freeman: Like I'm in. I want to stay involved and I want to stay connected and that's another thing I need to be really intentional about not let it slip through the cracks. So it was wonderful. It was it was a great, great job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. You needed that.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, I did. It was perfect timing.
Jessica Freeman: And my heart and, you know, it's just all these feelings. I've been. I mean, it really made me realize I've been kind of numb for a while.
Jessica Freeman: And having all these feelings. It just made me feel alive and like I want to, I want to hold on to that and quit making excuses. Get out of my shell, go do stuff have a life meet people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, you know, it's crazy because we forget about living you know we get in this whole mindset of working and taking care of the family and and just, you know, doing that we forget to live in this whole process to
Jessica Freeman: This very true.
You know,
Jessica Freeman: So I have, I have some other news on Thursday before the trip when I was at work after I talked to you.
Jessica Freeman: I got a call from another realty office that picked up my resume off of. Indeed, which has been inactive since January, but I guess it was meant to be. It's meant to be.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, they set up an interview with me and I went to this interview on Monday, and instead of doing compliance. I'll actually be doing
Jessica Freeman: Digital and print design and you're doing some marketing and brochures and like online stuff like social media like all the stuff that I love to do that. I'm really passionate about and that's what they want me to do an hourly is $4 more per hour.
Jessica Freeman: Wow. Yeah. So I took it, of course, are they called me 20 minutes after the interview and get and offered me the job. So I think it's going to be a really good fit. I started on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, how exciting laughable.
Jessica Freeman: And I actually, I made I sent a text or maybe an email but I reached out to somebody that was like a friend that I met at Coldwell Banker and I said hey,
Jessica Freeman: Do you like trivia. I love trivia. There's trivia every night of the week in this town. What do you think you want to go.
Jessica Freeman: I need friends, man. I need to life and and he was like, oh yeah, let's go. Now, I made it very clear that like this is friends only and boys are stupid. He may even still be confused, but I'm gonna like he's way too young for me. He's a ginger, not my time but
Jessica Freeman: We got along really well and I thought it would be really cool to just go out and I was like, bring people bring people I know, bring people. I don't know. I don't care. Let's just go out, so he got back to me and we're gonna do some we're going to go out to trivia Friday night now.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, what a. What an amazing rejuvenation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean,
Jessica Freeman: Big time. Big time. I needed it so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just good stuff. Good stuff, you come back you have this open heart. You have this open mind. You got a new job, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You you put in your notice and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a week and then or are you off this whole week and i mean
Jessica Freeman: I put in. Notice, but I'm off this week, you know, it's never fun, leaving a job, even under the best of circumstances. It's not fun, leaving a job.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but I thank them for the opportunity and I apologize for, you know, wasting time and resources like if I if I had known that I was going to be in a corner proofreading documents all day every day.
Jessica Freeman: I wouldn't have wasted anyone's time. It's just not as I can't do it. I can't, like, another thing I took from the trip is that it's important that
Jessica Freeman: For me, that
Jessica Freeman: That I'm not having anything or anyone put a cap on my potential like my boss. She didn't see me and part of that's me. I didn't show me.
Jessica Freeman: But that's what I need to do I need to be who I am. And that's what I did.
Jessica Freeman: Like in the interview right after the trip. I mean, I was I just walked in there and I was totally comfortable in my own skin. And I just am who I am and
Jessica Freeman: Just spoke freely and it was, it was great, you know, totally connected, but no, it was not fun, leaving cold. Well, but I tried to do my best. You know, to leave bridges intact and be respectful and
Jessica Freeman: Gratitude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. WELL, IT'S CRAZY, BUT IT. Another good piece of it is that you have the week.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Oh, it's been, I've been so exhausted. Like I said, it's Thursday. I'm trying to catch up. I'm still on brought up.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, but you get this time, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Another thing I've been thinking about is, like, so I'm scrolling through like HBO and Netflix and Amazon Prime and Hulu and I'm seeing all the stuff on on TV and all the movies that have ever been made and
Jessica Freeman: I know I've said this before. I don't know if I've said it to you, but so much garbage. It's like so much garbage and all these like so much money is getting spent on this garbage when there are. There's so much need in the world, and they're just
Jessica Freeman: churning out garbage and like spending billions of dollars on it every year. It's just insane. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Kind of what I can do about it. But I gotta say it bugs, the shit out of me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. There's a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do the same thing. I'll scroll scroll through and I can't find anything that I want, or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Interest me to be able to sit down and watch. I mean, there used to be good wholesome movies are used to be good. You know what I mean. And it just feels like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and nobody's making good music anymore.
Jessica Freeman: And all the movies. It's like just a regurgitation of past ideas with a bigger budget.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. Stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
I agree waste.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree. Definitely. Um, how is things with your son.
Jessica Freeman: My little one.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, um, he's good. It's picture day so of course he got breakfast all over his shirt.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: No. He's good. He's good still on the proverbial waiting list for ABA I'm just planning on him finishing OUT THE SCHOOL YEAR AT COLE charter. And so far, so good.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to accompany his class on a field trip. Next Thursday to the Zoo. And the main reason I want to do that just for his safety yeah cuz he's a runner like he he could get
Jessica Freeman: He's, he's unpredictable. I'm his mom. Okay, I can predict him better than anybody but still he shocked the hell out of me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really does.
Jessica Freeman: So I want to just, I know how he'll do at the zoo. And so I just kind of want to be there to make sure and I think everybody's going to appreciate that, honestly, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It's a lot. It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it is a lot and it's cool that you're able to be present and go with him, you know. These are memories that we make with our kids that we can never replace you know
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Robotics thing was so important for Brendan, even though it was a loss. You know, I think maybe because it was a loss. He might even look back on it more and take that memory with them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. So you didn't get to have any kind of good, decent conversation with your ex husband or your ex in laws they just stayed really distant
Jessica Freeman: That's what they always do. And my mom actually because I was bitching about it, I was like, you don't have to do that, like, I'm not going to be mean to anybody. I mean,
Jessica Freeman: What, why do they have to back away. You know, so I'm bitching about it to my mom and she's like, do you know why he can't look at you and I was like, no.
Jessica Freeman: And she says she said that he was so in love with you, Jessica. And he broke his heart. And I'm like, Well, I've had Inklings about that. Okay. Maybe that's the deal, but I've had my heart broken a few times.
Jessica Freeman: My bad kids died broke my heart. You know what, I can still like suck it up and
Jessica Freeman: You know, be a co parent, the parent you civil be a human.
Jessica Freeman: It, it sucks that Scott doesn't have the skills to be able to deal with his emotions like that.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, it makes me sad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If US adults as adults would just get out of our own way, things would go so much smoother and better for the for the kids. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to keep an eye on the prize, which is the which is the child. Do you not. I mean, they're the ones that are affected the most and you know your son felt it to. You know what I mean. He felt that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Between you guys, you know what I mean. And it's sad because you know is all the day should have been about was about him, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Well, I didn't make a scene or anything. I just, I was really happy and bubbly and
Jessica Freeman: You know, just want there to spend time with them. Oh. Get this. Get this. Okay. So at the very beginning before I even had a chance to like hug him because he was doing something
Jessica Freeman: They made this announcement about how like in the whole robotics like statewide organization they only have one way that they can honor the individual
Jessica Freeman: Rather than the team and it's like this. This Dean's List award and it'll put him like first on the list for like over 200 scholarships like worldwide.
Jessica Freeman: So it's like this. Dean's List award or whatever. And they're like, what all the the recipients of this award stand up and there's like six kids and the entire arena. My son is one of them. My son, I was like,
Jessica Freeman: Cool. Ah, so I was like so.
Jessica Freeman: Just, I mean, and then my mom was like, oh, you should have seen his face when you were having him and telling him how proud of you proud of me. You are so I guess like it made him really happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good to know even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Back. Yeah. And just, you know, I can't even imagine. I can't imagine you know being a kid and feeling supported and seeing your parents. You know what I mean having your mom there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, from the other side of the country to be able to be there be present. You know, that's huge. And that's memories. He's always going to have, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is awesome. Yeah, almost made me cry.
Jessica Freeman: I've given them. I've given them some bad ones over the course of his life. So it's, it means that much more to be able to give him some good ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. These are things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we forget about in even people even people outside of the addiction field that normal everyday. You know what I mean that they don't struggle with it that didn't have, you know, this period of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Addiction they you know they don't appreciate these little things. It's like another day. You know, they forget the importance of these things they forget about being present.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and being up front and being there and being available. You know, it's just another day or just another you know thing. And when you sit me people. I'm a people watcher
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you sit and you watch people, you know, in those scenarios and you wonder, how come they don't feel you know as bubbly as present. You know what I mean. And I got it. It was like it was because they haven't had to have that rough struggle to realize and appreciate what's good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what these things are about, and how much they really mean to our kids, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I agree. I agree. I will never take it for granted, man. Any, any little gift that I'm able to give my son, or that I get, because I'm with him. I, I will never take it for granted ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you start a new job on Monday.
Jessica Freeman: I'm excited. I'm excited about the job. The people seem great I get to wear jeans. I don't have to take a lunch hour so I can just go in for my four or five hours and be done. It's not going to have to take up a whole damn day
Jessica Freeman: It's, I don't have to answer phones, I have to proofread anything but I'm I did say you know i mean i have 13 plus years as a paralegal so I have wicked ass administration skills. So if there's anything like we're just talking about like cross training.
Jessica Freeman: You know, and
Jessica Freeman: The girl that I'm going to be, you know, working with
Jessica Freeman: Like she's like the office manager type she's just really excited to have me on board. I'm excited to be there. Everybody seems just great. So yea.
Yea,
Jessica Freeman: Create I'll get to design. I'll get to like, you know, not be limited to menial tasks. I'm actually going to get to explore some new software and you know she's like, however you want to do it. You know, this is your thing just
Jessica Freeman: Be free and like, okay, great, because, you know, that's exactly what I want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, I actually, I made it made
Jessica Freeman: This whole process and the last few weeks. Well, a couple months actually learning about, you know, the whole realtor deal. And then, you know, missing what I was doing my old job and then now I have this opportunity to go into this new thing.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I decided I don't want to be a realtor. I think I don't know if I told you that
Jessica Freeman: I don't have to
Jessica Freeman: Desire to make it a lifestyle. I don't have the like the all in mentality that it requires and I don't have the resilience to be in
Jessica Freeman: Sales like that. I just don't I know myself. And I'll have a hard time with the rejection of sales.
Jessica Freeman: But I do love all of this, this, you know, the print design digital design web development, you know, marketing, social media like all that content creation.
Jessica Freeman: I just, I love it. It's what I did at my last job, so I I've actually talked to my mom about oh, we did talk about this. We did I talked to her about, you know, maybe take not taking a break from work, but over the like the real estate slows down for a period of time, usually in the fall.
Jessica Freeman: And winter, like when it's cold.
Jessica Freeman: It's not that cold here, but whatever.
And
Jessica Freeman: So I want to like take some classes, you know, learn some new software graphic design some more coding and then do the side work and stuff like pickups and things on the side and then maybe you know hang a shingle. So I text my mom about all this and her husband and they are both like
Jessica Freeman: Great. They are in full support, they think it's exactly what I should be doing, you know I told them I just eventually I want to work for myself. I mean, Not anytime soon. But eventually, it's
Jessica Freeman: Going to be really good for me and they are great and they're on board and they're supportive. So, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. What is going on.
Every day.
Jessica Freeman: It's a new wave of awesomeness.
Jessica Freeman: That there was a huge wave of awesomeness. You know, and then it's been kind of a low and
Jessica Freeman: Now it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, you've got every you've got so much going on so much good stuff going on. You know, it's just amazing. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I'm in a good place right now. I mean, and I know I have a lot of work to do.
Jessica Freeman: It's gonna, it's not gonna be easy. And there's going to be stuff that you know gets put in my path. There's going to be setbacks. There's going to be obstacles. That's okay. It's okay. Like, I can handle that. Look what I've been through, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know, really, that makes you resilient. That's the funny part about it. It's like every obstacle makes you more and more and more resilient, you know, for the next one and it's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, through the muscles.
Jessica Freeman: And remembering that i'm i'm where I'm supposed to be right now that I don't have to get ahead of myself. I don't have to worry because my higher power is he's in charge. I'm not
Jessica Freeman: I'm responsible for the effort. That's my job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah look at he open that door and you walked right through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With grace. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely, definitely. Amazing.
Jessica Freeman: I'm excited. I wish things have gotten better with Coldwell Banker. I really do. But you know, I said what I needed to say, and I feel like I had the right attitude and the rest is not on me. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was their response that they give you a response to what you told them.
Jessica Freeman: They were just real short. You know, like, Okay. Good luck. Yeah. Don't let the door hit you.
Jessica Freeman: Know, I mean, I get it. I do.
Jessica Freeman: Because they really want they want me to. They don't get smart people in my position in that position very often.
Jessica Freeman: I mean it's $10 an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, wow.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I've never worked for that little night, even in high school, I always made better money than that. But anyway, it's $10 an hour, it's a part time admin job.
Jessica Freeman: So they don't get a lot of a good quality candidates. So for me to come in and they're like, okay, like
Jessica Freeman: We see that you like we can train you on this. So that's all they wanted to train me on
Jessica Freeman: You know the transaction documents when I started. I mean, I had a list of stuff that these were going to be my responsibilities and it turned out that all they wanted me to do was proofread transaction documents.
Jessica Freeman: And some mind numbing shit. I can't
Jessica Freeman: I can't do that all day, every day I got to have some some liberty. I gotta be able to stretch my arms and my you know my brain. I can't do that all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It would a little you do it, maybe even media, but not all the time. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that would be pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Boring.
Jessica Freeman: Yes parched.
Jessica Freeman: King open
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's probably part of, you know, the misery and the discontent and being able to expand and open up and get a job that not only pays more money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, but actually touches on the areas that you have a passion for makes a huge difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The quality of life. Oh my gosh. Here it is.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I thought, I thought that I would be, I mean, Mary Kay told me when I first started that I would be doing
Jessica Freeman: That I could do the social media stuff like I could take it over. And for me, that would be great because I could create the, you know, content digital content and you know the written content and I would be really happy with that. But
Jessica Freeman: I never got to touch it and she she told me she was like
Jessica Freeman: This is what I want you to do like this, it's really important that you get this and this. So this is all you're gonna do. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: And then she told me like my, my understanding what I was trained to do the first two weeks that I was there was to do all the stuff in the office, like the the the technology, the you know the software into and to be able to help the agents.
Jessica Freeman: With what they need in and then Mary Kay told me not to help the agents at all. She's like, don't even engage in conversation with them unless it's work related and it has to be under five minutes. Okay, she's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Jessica Freeman: Said, you're not here for them. You're here for me. And this is what I need you to doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lots of crazy.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Seriously.
Wow.
Jessica Freeman: I thought I was. I thought that was the job was to help agents, you know, know how to use the software to obtain the forms and, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Upload and sort and name and assign and all the stuff that you need to do it on software. So I learned all that software and I can help the agents with stuff there for
Jessica Freeman: Two months I could totally help them with whatever they needed but all that training just went to waste. So I could look at transaction.
Jessica Freeman: Book my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lot didn't. That doesn't make a lick of sense. I wonder what changed.
Jessica Freeman: Mary Kay told me to forget everything that I was trained in the first two weeks. She said, I'm the one that pays you you're here, you're here for me, you're not here for anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well it's over.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, thank God.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No more of that done.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited about the new job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So have you been able to go to a meeting since you got back
Jessica Freeman: Was I got back as it could have, but I haven't
Jessica Freeman: That's something I need to do. I just honestly just been trying to like recover like physically and just being so so exhausted bone deep, man.
Tired.
Jessica Freeman: I feel better today than I have any other day
Jessica Freeman: But I do need to get some stuff done because key and is off school tomorrow. And then the weekend starts
Jessica Freeman: I do have a thing tomorrow. I have to go to an assessment with New Mexico works. So I got to see it, my pay stubs.
Jessica Freeman: I think, I think that's all I need to read that letter. Again, I gotta take a bunch of shit in go spend two hours.
Jessica Freeman: Even though I already have a job.
Jessica Freeman: You Mexico.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm thinking, since I'm going to get like queued up for that tomorrow, like, you know, hair, makeup cute outfit. Whatever, I'll probably go to the to the the licensed branch and get my new mexico driver's license.
Jessica Freeman: I can do that.
Jessica Freeman: I need to do that.
Jessica Freeman: live here.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it needs to become a new Mexican
Jessica Freeman: No longer Hoosier
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A whole longer. How does that feel when you say that
Jessica Freeman: It feels really good. I got I got mixed feelings on it though, a little bit because like
Jessica Freeman: When I die.
Jessica Freeman: It's my funeral than to be here or there.
I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: I want my ashes spread somewhere or turned into a diamond.
Jessica Freeman: Or a tree or something, I don't know me into a tree and then you can Shel Silverstein my ass.
Jessica Freeman: Seriously though,
Like
Jessica Freeman: Where would I would I have a funeral. Well, I'll be
Jessica Freeman: Probably back at home because at this point because my family's there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Jessica Freeman: The longer I'm here. Is that going to change.
Maybe
Jessica Freeman: So that's a quandary.
Jessica Freeman: But it's not that right now. I mean, who knows it is what it is, but I don't know it feels good, because I'm doing something new, most people aren't brave man, people will get, like, especially from where I'm from people, people have never even been to California.
Jessica Freeman: They go to be. I know, right. They just don't go
Jessica Freeman: It just don't go, they go to Florida to go to like the lakes and Kentucky and Tennessee. Don't even go to the northeast, much like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the East Coast to the West Coast, that's for sure.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The weather, the weather alone is is crazy. The humidity.
Oh god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: No, it's great, though. I mean, I moved to Vegas in my late 20s.
Jessica Freeman: And while it was like if it was just me. That was you know what an awesome experience. You know, I learned so much and blah, blah, blah. But it wasn't just me. I affected my son, and now it says, I don't want to say it's a regret, but it's definitely regret.
Jessica Freeman: To now being here on like a family sanctioned move like whoa, like it's good to be here.
Jessica Freeman: And everyone is supportive of it like it's good. It feels really good.
Jessica Freeman: Kind of weird.
Jessica Freeman: I'll get used to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will
You will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more that you develop your support system here, you know, in New Mexico. The more that you get acclimated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The better it starts feeling it doesn't mean that you're all you're, you're going to lose that connection from the people you know in the East Coast, but it just means that you'll have that dual life, you'll be happy here and you'll be happy there. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just takes it just takes time and adjustment and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perseverance, you know it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll find the right meeting, you'll find the right glitch. You'll find the right people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just kind of have a feeling that this new job is going to open up you know all of this possibility and potential for you to be able to you know get to know people and be who you're supposed to be, you know,
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, you know, this job that I just left is right around the corner from my house.
Jessica Freeman: So I would go to work.
Jessica Freeman: And I would come home on lunch. LET IT GO BACK TO WORK AND I WILL COME STRAIGHT HOME. SO THIS NEW JOB IS
Jessica Freeman: 1520 minutes away depending on traffic. It's on the northwest side I'm on the northeast side.
Jessica Freeman: So that means I won't be coming home for lunch anymore.
Jessica Freeman: Which is good because it's going to force me to take that that personal recreational time and do something else with it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah branch out
Jessica Freeman: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This would be go
Jessica Freeman: That'd be good. It'll be good and trivia Friday.
Jessica Freeman: I loved trivia. Don't ask me sports questions, but just about everything else I can hang in there so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys, where do you go for that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. They got trivia. Well, it's a bars, but I'm okay with that. Now like I couldn't do that before.
Jessica Freeman: But I've been like, you know, Toby and I went to the drag show like three times now everybody's drink, and I don't care I had work events at my last job.
Jessica Freeman: Where you know people are drinking all around me and seriously. It doesn't bother me. I have absolutely no desire to drink that because
Jessica Freeman: I'm not going to look like these people look when they're drinking. I'm going to make an ass of myself and I'm going to hurt myself or someone else. And I'm going to lose things that are valuable to me.
Jessica Freeman: And it's just I don't even. I don't even think about it. I don't even like the smell. It's like people can do what they do. I don't have any trouble and
Jessica Freeman: Like if I ever felt like I was at risk to do that exit strategy. Hey, I'm not going to stay in a situation where I feel like, oh, I really want to, like, that sounds like a good idea. It's not a good idea.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mean, I've worked too hard and come too far, I have rebuilt my life from the ground up from the gutter. OK, and now I'm here. It's not worth it. It's not worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's absolutely not worth it. You know, you've got all these good things that are happening. You know what I mean. And it opening that door would just take it all. And it's kind of amazing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're aware of that. You know what I mean. And you have that solidity in your mind that says absolutely no way, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, important
Jessica Freeman: Well, if I hadn't had that period of relapse. You know, I probably wouldn't be as definitive about it as I am now because I spent a year just revolving in and out of the rooms and it was miserable.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, you just don't want to ever go back to that ever so yeah trivia is at bars, but you don't have to worry about me or the okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I like the fact that you have that you know that mindset and you know you know where you're at in your where you're in a good place, mentally, emotionally, physically, spiritually, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a really good place and knowing that going in there having an exit strategy is, you know, vitally important, you have that, you know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, yeah. And I'd rather like you know help people. Or if somebody asked me why I'm not drinking, I would instead of being like embarrassed or. Oh, I guess I should I be like, well, this is why I'm not drinking because I'm an alcoholic and because
Jessica Freeman: You know, I just, here's my story.
Jessica Freeman: I already went through all you know i'd rather help somebody
Jessica Freeman: With my experience then have somebody else's experience make me feel bad or weird
Jessica Freeman: Like, I need to do something that I know I don't want to do
Jessica Freeman: I'm just, I'm beyond that now.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing when you do get the point. You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's great.
Jessica Freeman: Another thing I took from the trip. And there's a piece of my recovery that's been missing since I got here and I just completely overlooked it service.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah service work.
Jessica Freeman: I need to be doing that I need to be doing that and I had a service position in Indianapolis. I was a secretary treasurer for a meeting for a long time.
Jessica Freeman: And I left that position. I came here and I can't walk into that kind of a position here because the meetings are different, you know i don't i don't know the structure yet of how
Jessica Freeman: Because of all these different me it's just it's a different world. So I'm not ready to be a chairperson and or a secretary treasurer, because I don't really know how it goes. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Get there. I'll get there. But in the meantime, it's not. I can't give myself a pass on service work for that, like, I need, I need to still be doing something. I'm going to, I'm going to do that, like, definitely. It's a big piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to do
Jessica Freeman: Well, I'm going to start by going early and staying late setting up and tearing down talking to people.
Jessica Freeman: That's a good place to start. And then I'm going to
Jessica Freeman: You know, look for opportunities. Maybe there's like a fundraiser. Maybe there's
Jessica Freeman: An event that needs organized like stuff I'm good at like that where I can really help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: God, I'll open the door.
Someone
Jessica Freeman: Need to have an attitude of service. It's about that attitude. It's about the willingness to take the time and put in the effort.
Jessica Freeman: And I don't think I'm ready to sponsor anybody right now is because I don't know how they do it here, but I do, I do want to be available to give rides to people. I want to be like a friend to the newcomer
Jessica Freeman: I think I can do those things.
Jessica Freeman: That's pretty awesome. Thanks.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you can't keep it if you don't give it away.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I haven't been doing much of anything. So I need to
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to do that.
Jessica Freeman: I know how I feel when I do that, and it's worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes a difference.
Jessica Freeman: It really does.
Jessica Freeman: Is my recovery is not just about me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Long
Jessica Freeman: It can't be. It has to be about. I mean hell. That's the whole 12 step, you get to this whole step you carry a message. What have I been doing. I've been hoarding the message.
Jessica Freeman: I gave it away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But at the same time, you got to give yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of leeway because of the move and the job and you know getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To new places tough, you know, one thing we hate is change. And it seems like that's always consistent. Right. So one thing that's that's a constant in life is change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah. So being able to adjust to that and, you know, working out these you know these things with your son and making sure his appointments are met his needs are met.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it's tough. And it is so stressful to move from one place to another, to leave your support system, go to a place where you have family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But now you got to rebuild everything else. You know what I mean, it's tough. It's tough. And so here you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right been here and now you went back, you got your cup full you're coming back with an open mind and open heart with motivation with everything you're seeing things in a whole different light.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And that's huge got a new job right after that, you know, you've only been back. You know what a week.
Jessica Freeman: Not even
Like four days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And all these things are just falling into place. All of a sudden, you know, what are we, and it's it's amazing to watch
Jessica Freeman: Thank you. It's amazing to experience and I'm super grateful for it because I was in, I was in a little
Jessica Freeman: bubble of self pity.
Jessica Freeman: And that you know it's okay to do that for a minute, but you can't stay there. So I'm going to like give myself grace on these past few months because of everything you just said with the move like that was that. And now,
Jessica Freeman: I know what my goals are. I know what's important to me and I like in a rejuvenated way. It's new, it's fresh. I'm motivated and I'm going to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Move forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still planning on did you, you got to spend time with your sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I haven't seen her since I've been back. I'm actually going to shoot her text today and be like, Hey, let's get together. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. I bet you she'll be happy to hear and see where you're at, you know, the place that you're sitting at right now. She'll be like, what
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, make your job easy right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: No, you're a super helpful, though, like with the affirmations and
Jessica Freeman: You know, some of the things you've said, I've just been really, really helpful. And it's really good to have somebody to talk to. Is my mom is not the one she's just not
Jessica Freeman: Like, I have to tell her over and over again, Mom. If I'm upset about something, you don't have to do anything just hugged me and say, Oh honey, honey. That sucks. I love you. That's it. That's all you have to do.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, she still didn't get it. She didn't get it. She may never get it. That's okay. I'll just keep reminding her say that and then she'll make fun of me. She was like, well, that's that's honey like woman.
Jessica Freeman: She's great though we had fun mom and I had fun on the trip we always we've always traveled well together. I thought maybe it might be dramatic, but now she's great. She's great. We had
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To everything she wasn't sick through the whole trip.
Jessica Freeman: She got antibiotics, the day before. And in her mind that made her well
Jessica Freeman: She is a person. She's the person that like she will not leave the doctor's office without an antibiotic, you know, if that's what she wants. And that's what she's going to get. She's really forceful
Jessica Freeman: So she got what she wanted. And then, you know, mentally that like that made her feel okay so she was okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally good. And there was no issues that came up no arguments. No.
Jessica Freeman: She got pissed off at me about something that I did a month ago.
Jessica Freeman: And it was an accident. Like, it was like a total misunderstanding. It was a stupid thing I had asked her husband to sell something on eBay for me.
Jessica Freeman: And then like they sold it, but the sale fell through. And so he gave it back to me. I didn't know that he was still trying to sell it on eBay.
Jessica Freeman: So I actually gave gave it was a digital camera I gave it to Toby, because he wanted to take all these pictures and it was he was here for a month with us. I just really wanted to give him something special.
Jessica Freeman: And it was my side.
Jessica Freeman: But then Bob sold it on eBay. And he was like, oh, hey, I need you know I need, I need you to ship that out. And I was like, oh,
Jessica Freeman: So my mom was like, well, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: She was pissed off. And this was like on our drive down to Bloomington on Saturday morning, and I was like, Listen, I have accepted responsibility. I have told you I was wrong. It was a mistake. I'm sorry it's done, it's over. I can't do anything to change it.
Jessica Freeman: Are we going to ruin the whole trip. No.
Jessica Freeman: So she said, They're fuming for about 10 or 15 more minutes.
Jessica Freeman: And then I played some music we saying we're fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good, good, good. I'm glad that it didn't run you guys this trip and that everything turned out really good.
Jessica Freeman: It was good. I got my hair down to see the color I got cut so pretty.
Looks good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did, did you put affirmations up
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I knew you weren't here. So I got them in the mail in their hearts. Okay, so what I do.
Jessica Freeman: Is and I'm going to do the post it thing too, because I needed to be like personal I just got these and they're really fun. So you spread the cards out, blah blah blah, and then you pray like hey something meaningful for me today. Not like tarot cards.
Jessica Freeman: Then you pick one. And then, you know, I see what today some
Jessica Freeman: Options, as I open to the abundant possibilities of my life's path. I'm reminded that I always have unlimited options. Life is a buffet and I allow myself to choose whatever makes me happiest without limiting thoughts like you can't put mac and cheese on your baked potato.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hahaha
Jessica Freeman: I like it.
Jessica Freeman: And it's super relevant right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of like opening up you know your daily meditation book and just picking one picking whatever's there to read. It's amazing how you can do that even in the in the big book, you can do that and it just seems that what you need to hear is right in front of you.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. If you're open to it. If that's what if that's what you want and you ask for it.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I agree.
Jessica Freeman: Put up the post itself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that one that you just read is super relevant
Jessica Freeman: Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is crazy, but I love stuff like that when it just kind of aligns up because it's a reaffirmation that what we believe and the path that we're on is exactly where we need to be, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a great what a great place. You started my day out. Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: Not just for just anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. I was really, I was very hopeful for your trip. I really thought that you were going to have, you know, a lot of good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come out of it. You know, it's always good when you're going back. First off, to be with your kid and then Second off, you know, for that sober support system, it's just always feeling it's just always gold. Yeah. You know what I mean. And you got exactly what I thought you get out of it.
Jessica Freeman: Even more actually even more. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I was I was trying to open myself up and I was hoping for, you know, get that that spiritual and the love and support and everything, but like what I got out of it was so much more than I expected.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I got some clarity on some things I got some vision, like on what I need to be doing that I've lost sight of, you know, I got some just real real like a real rejuvenation. Like you said, spiritually, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, knowing now that you need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be connected and stay connected. No. If ands, or buts, and that needs to be implemented in your, you know, routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And the more that you build where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more you'll still love what you have over there, too. You know what I mean, it's kind of a direct connection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's going to be pretty amazing to there's nothing but good things and you know I tell people all the time that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we get server and we start changing our life, things aren't always going to come into line, the way we think that it should, but they always come into line the way they're supposed to be.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know we just got to be open to see it and start focusing on the good things that are going on in our life and work through the negative stuff. You know what I mean. But the human nature is to always focus on the negative stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we do that we forget all the good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And the good is what fills us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The good is what makes us happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what keeps us motivated and you know what I mean, it's just our nature to go straight for that negativity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We have to make a conscious decision to say, you know what today. I don't care what gets done on my path. I'm going to keep a positive attitude. I'm going to, you know, go forward with grace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the doors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They just open
Jessica Freeman: They fly open
Jessica Freeman: Like unexpected doors. He wouldn't even have thought of. And it's, it's great. One of the first things I learned when I like started
Jessica Freeman: You know, addiction treatment therapy stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Was to take the words.
Jessica Freeman: Word should at, like, just out of my vocabulary not should all over myself.
Jessica Freeman: And yes, yeah. Because that it's those expectations that
Jessica Freeman: That I you know I get this picture in my head, and I think it's going to be this way. And it's not that way and then that just burst my bubble. But if I didn't have that expectation at all, then I would
Jessica Freeman: Be fine with whatever I got so that's something I've been practicing since day one. And I it's really helped with the acceptance stuff and you know rolling with the punches.
Jessica Freeman: And then when you can get that in line, then the emotional regulation comes kind of naturally because you're not reacting to everything.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and set up for disappointment and it's it's really, it's good. We don't, we don't should up in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it should. It does get them out there to get them out the door because they don't do any good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I talked that all the time because it's, you know, we can regret and we can hold on to guilt. We can hold on to all of that stuff that we did or said, or, you know, in the past, but what good is that doing helping us move forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it doesn't do us any good. It's good that we recognize that we needed to change those behaviors that we don't want to be that person. But what is it really doing helping us move forward. Nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's this heavy weight that's on her back that just holds us you know in that MISERABLE STATE. It's like no good.
No good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's like letting it go but not you know
Jessica Freeman: I still struggle with that you know with with having left my son. I'm when he was four. You know, I'm probably always going to have, you know, a certain level of just
Jessica Freeman: sucks so bad, you know, and I can't, I can't change it, but I really try not to let it dictate my behavior going forward. And in the moment. You know, I really, I really do want to
Jessica Freeman: Make what we have as best as it can be. And and dwelling on the past doesn't help, but
Jessica Freeman: There's no way that I'm ever going to like not feel bad that I did that you know I'm always gonna hate myself a little for that. But as long as I take it and move forward and do what I can. And you know, it's just going to get better.
Jessica Freeman: Maybe do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Memories.
Jessica Freeman: And maybe a perception of the situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's a piece of it.
Jessica Freeman: Honestly I think like what gets me now is when I think about my little boy. Mm hmm. You know, crying.
Jessica Freeman: In his bed alone missing his mommy wondering why she's not there, you know, school events. What does even tell his friends. You know how much pain. Did I cause him that I never even thought about until
Jessica Freeman: I got sober. I mean I cost him a lot of pain. A lot. That's what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were in your addiction. When he left.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so he and this is just another way of looking at it. But really,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes you causes them pain by leaving, but there could have been so much more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you could have caused him by staying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At that time, addiction, they don't you know your disease it it takes no prisoners, you know, it really doesn't. And, you know, was it the best thing in the moment right now and you know being sober and thinking about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe it was
Jessica Freeman: Because I got full custody of them in the divorce. And so when I when I sent him to live with his dad when I left. And if I had never left then he would have been in my full custody.
Jessica Freeman: And yeah, I was. I remember when he was three before I moved you know cocaine and alcohol and you know men, and while he was there, you know, Superman, which at the time I didn't, you know, and but now
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, you're probably right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's about changing the perception of the situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and saying, you know, I don't know, because we don't know the outcome of that because you didn't stay right but you think about it in those terms, you know, what would I have put him through. If I would have drug him through my addiction with me farther than I had already done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There could have been more damage done things could have happened. You know what I mean. And you think about it in those terms. Your perception is that you know what I mean, you did this, this bad thing by leaving him, but in my perception.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's two always two truths of the same situation.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I hadn't thought of it that way. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Jessica Freeman: Hmm. Thank you. It does make me feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just don't, you know, these are the what. So the. Don't you know the things that you don't know. But in the same sense knowing what you went through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know through your addiction, you know, the things that you, the people you had around you, the things that you are doing just not being present with him. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would you been a but would you have been able to meet as good as schools, you know, his functions and you know how good and how President, would you have been able to be
Jessica Freeman: I probably. I mean, I have a friend whose wife is no colleague and she had got arrested at her daughter school for having shown up like drunk to accompany them on a field trip. I could see myself having done something like that.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and how much damage. Would that have caused. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, you've got to what that, what did they tell you in a it's like don't live in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep the door open so that you can always remember where you don't want to go back to you, but don't hold on to that guilt don't hold on to that you did the best that you could do with the tools that you had in that moment.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I didn't have very many tools.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, you're right. I see where I'm coming from.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And one day, you know, you'll be able to have this conversation with your son, and you get to, you know, tell him you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was like, it's like, you think about that you think about you know where it could have been or what could have happened versus, you know, your decision to say I can't take care of him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a hard place for a parent to be, but in the same sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's one of the best parenting, you know, things that we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we have to recognize when we realize that our ability to to take care of our child. It has been is hindered or hampered with, you know what I mean. And we are willing, even unwilling, but do it anyways.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To put their needs first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says a lot about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. That says a lot about that parent about that parent
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it in different. It's the perception of the situation and how you view it. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another way to look at it.
Jessica Freeman: It is we've had my, you know, when I was making my amends I we have had some conversations where, you know, I have been able to provide some sort of explanation.
Jessica Freeman: That he's been able to accept.
Jessica Freeman: And also, you know, I told him I'm supposed to forgive myself but it doesn't ever mean
Jessica Freeman: It didn't happen. You know, I'm not trying. I'm not trying to erase the past and be like, Oh, I'm off the hook. I'm scot free that's never the case. It's just, you know, I want to move forward with you and it's been good. This trip was really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it sounds like it was really, really good. And he was probably very, very happy that you were there, you know, yeah, you showed him that you know he does matter no if ands, or buts. He matters.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, he matters. Yes. And I'm going to keep in contact with him better. Much better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got a lot to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, or as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting prepared and building this whole new life. And, you know, getting connected and staying connected at the same time.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I did it before when I came back from a year of relapse. I, I like double down and I structured my life and it worked. And I can do it again, do it right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it. Definitely. I'll be excited to hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week you know who you connected with and your service work and what affirmations are you going to put up that you get to see every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. Yeah, and you know you're in a really good space right now. You know what I mean. And let's just keep that momentum going. Keep the connections alive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He you know those phone calls come in video chat and happening. You know what I mean, go to meetings, talk to your sponsor, just keep doing what you're doing. Jessica, you're in such a good place right this very moment.
Jessica Freeman: I think this job is going to help, too, because since I'm not, I'm not going to have to spend all day at work, like I can drop my son off at school go to a meeting go to work or vice versa, you know,
Jessica Freeman: It'll give me some more time to get done. You know, the things that I need to get done. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Like self care and meetings and service.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, they can volunteer somewhere.
Jessica Freeman: That'd be cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I also
Jessica Freeman: I will let you know next week, how, how this this coming week goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: What all, I wish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you are gonna rock it definitely you're in a good mind has you know mindset and you're right where you need to be right now. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: refreshed and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: recharged so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time, it's time, time to move on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Okay. So, I will see you, same time, same place next week.
Jessica Freeman: Ooh, my son's field trip is next Thursday. I have to be at the school at 945
Jessica Freeman: You wanna is, what can we do about this. Do you have an opening next week. This is kind of random
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about we can do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like Tuesday.
Jessica Freeman: 17th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we can do like nine o'clock or 10 o'clock.
Jessica Freeman: Let's do nine or wait nine me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eight. You're not. No nine, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have the eight o'clock on that day. So it would be nine o'clock, my time.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that work.
Jessica Freeman: At nine o'clock, my time on Tuesday works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your hour ahead of me huh yeah yeah I have somebody in that spot that my the ATM spot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Wednesday.
Jessica Freeman: I can probably do the 10 or yeah 10 my time nine your time on Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you can't just let me know and we will, you know, we'll arrange it
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: at a different time.
Jessica Freeman: Unless you have that spot open any other day of the week, excluding Thursday, because my son's field trip.
Jessica Freeman: But I like our schedule like our normal Thursday schedule. I still want to keep that
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm just gonna put you in for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 17
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if, again, if something happens, let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And we'll just. We'll play it by ear for next week. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Sounds good. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a great, great day, or are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A great day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I am looking forward to talking to you next week to see where we're at.
Jessica Freeman: Me to have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.